[Prof. Richard So](https://seng.hkust.edu.hk/about/people/faculty/richard-hau-yue-so) received his BSc degree (1987) in Electronic Engineering and PhD degree (1995) in Engineering and Applied Sciences from the Institute of Sound and Vibration Research (ISVR), University of Southampton, England.

Prof. So joined the Department of Industrial Engineering & Decision Analytics at HKUST in September 1995 as an Assistant Professor and was promoted to Associate Professor and further promoted to Professor later. He also holds the concurrent appointment as a Professor in Biomedical Engineering. Prof. So's research focuses on visual and auditory perception. His recent projects include functional brain studies using near-infrared spectroscopic, motion sickness in virtual environments, binaural hearing, and decision making process with visual and auditory information. Besides fundamental research, Prof. So has also been actively involving in various consulting and industry-funded projects. He is a member of the Founding Council and the first elected Treasurer of the Hong Kong Ergonomics Society, a Professional Registered Member of the Ergonomics Society (UK), the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (Senior Member), and Insititute of Industrial Engineers. Prof. So won the first Best Ergonomics Practitioner Award from the Hong Kong Ergonomics Society and received the honor title of the Fellow of the Hong Kong Ergonomics Society in 2009 and the Chartered Fellow of the Institute of Ergonomics and Human Factors (UK) in 2011.

He is currently serving as the Co-Editor-in-Chief of Displays, Editor of Ergonomics, and Scientific Editor of Applied Ergonomics. In 2014, he has been elected as the Fellow of the International Ergonomics Association (IEA). This is a very prestige Fellowship and Prof. So is the first receipient from Hong Kong and there was less than 100 senior academics world-wide holding the same prestige title at the time of the election. Prof. So serves on the drafting committee of ISO International Workshop Agreement IWA3 on Image Safety and Commission Internationale de L'eclairage (CIE) Technical Committee TC1-67 and expert panel for ISO working group on dynamic image safety. In 2007, he found and chaired the First International Symposium on Visually Induced Motion Sickness, Fatigue, and Photosensitive Epileptic Seizures (VIMS2007) and are on the Program Committees of VIMS2009, 2011, 2013 held (or to be held) in the Netherlands, US, and UK, respectively. In the midst of research, Prof. So has also enjoyed teaching and was the recipient of the Teaching Excellence Appreciation Award.
